Subject: WE751 - DataPower Course Preparation before course starts

Hello, this is Steve Edwards, your instructor for the course next week.

(WE751, 12th to 14th December 2022).

Hope you are all doing well, and not too distracted by recent events!

Here are some suggestions to help us all get off to a smoother start.

Summary:
1 - Reply immediately to this email so we have communications
2 - Access your e-Book and check you can locate some specific pages
3 - Send a text message to my mobile phone
4 - Register and login to GTT (GoToTraining) before the start of the
    first session (early Monday morning - NOT BEFORE!)
5 - Start time on the first day

Details:
1 - Reply immediately to this email so we have communications
 I'm recommending this so that:
 - I know you have received this email and my suggestion to access the
   books and specific pages (see images below)
 - if needed, we can use email as a last resort throughout the course

2 - Access your e-Book and check you can locate some specific pages
 Before the start of the course (the sooner the better) download the
 e-Book(s) and check you can easily locate (and bookmark for easy access):
 - "Course Guide Essentials of Service Development for IBM DataPower
    Gateway V7.5"
    the document that has pages corresponding to the presentation slides
    and the first page shown in the attached image
 - "Course Exercises Guide Essentials of Service Development for IBM
    DataPower Gateway V7.5"
    the document that has the course exercises (lab) instructions and the
    first page shown in the attached image.
You should have your information to allow you to access your e-Book
already (ebook code).

PLEASE LOCATE THE TWO PAGES, THE START OF WHICH CAN BE
SEEN IN THE ATTACHED IMAGES!

3 - Send a text message to my mobile phone
Please do this when you have done the above. This will also provide a
backup way of communicating in case of any internet problems during
the running of the course.
My work mobile: +44 (0)775 4842046.

4 - MONDAY MORNING Register and login to GTT (GoToTraining) before the
     start of the first session
GTT is the platform that allows us to run the course remotely (similar
to Zoom or Microsoft Teams).

5 - Start time on the first day
I suggest on the first day we start at 09:00GMT / 10:00CET, and ideally
by that time you will have completed navigating around the course books
and logged in to GTT!

Have a great weekend!
Steve
Images added:

=== WE751
WE751-Course-Guide-FirstUnitStart.jpg
WE751-Course-Exercises-Guide-FirstLabStart.jpg

=== WE761
WE761-Course-Guide-Front-Cover.jpg
WE761-Course-Guide-FirstUnitStart.jpg
WE761-Course-Exercises-Guide-Front-Cover.jpg
WE761-Course-Exercises-Guide-FirstLabStart.jpg
