Subject: WE761 - DataPower Course Preparation before course starts

Hello, this is Steve Edwards, your instructor for the course next week.

(WE761, 7th to 9th March 2023).

Hope you are all doing well, and not too distracted by recent events!

Here are some suggestions to help us all get off to a smoother start.

Summary:
1 - Reply immediately to this email so we have communications
2 - Access your e-Book(s) and check you can locate some specific pages
3 - Send a text message to my mobile phone
4 - Open MS Teams before the start of the  first session
5 - Start time on the first day
Details are below.

Details:
1 - Reply immediately to this email so we have communications
 I'm recommending this so that:
 - I know you have received this email and my suggestion to access the
   books and specific pages (see images listed below)
 - if needed, we can use email as a last resort throughout the course

2 - Access your e-Book(s) and check you can locate some specific pages
 Before the start of the course (the sooner the better) download the
 e-Book(s) and check you can easily locate (and bookmark for easy access):
 - "Course Guide - Administration of IBM DataPower Gateway V7.6"
    the document that has pages corresponding to the presentation slides
    and the first page shown in the attached image
 - "Course Exercises Guide - Administration of IBM DataPower Gateway V7.6"
    the document that has the course exercises (lab) instructions and the
    first page shown in the attached image.
You should already have the information to allow you to access your e-Book(s)  
(ebook code)  
PLEASE LOCATE THE PAGES, THE START OF WHICH CAN BESEEN IN THE ATTACHED IMAGES!
PLEASE NOTE: IF THERE ARE PROBLEMS ACCESSING THE EBOOK(S), CONTACT THE PERSON  
WHO SUPPLIED THEM (Steve is unable to help you with this.)

3 - Send a text message to my mobile phone
Please do this when you have done the above. This will also provide a
backup way of communicating in case of any internet problems during
the running of the course.
My work mobile: 0775 4842046.

4 - TUESDAY MORNING access the MS Teams meeting before the
     start of the first session
Microsoft Teams is the platform that allows us to run the course remotely (similar
to Zoom or GTT).

5 - Start time on the first day
I suggest on the first day we start at 09:30, and ideally
by that time you will have completed navigating around the course books
and logged in to MS Teams!

Cheers,
Steve
Images attached:

=== WE761
Course Guide:
- WE761-Course-Guide-Front-Cover.jpg
- WE761-Course-Guide-FirstUnitStart.jpg

Course Exercises Guide:
- WE761-Course-Exercises-Guide-Front-Cover.jpg
- WE761-Course-Exercises-Guide-FirstLabStart.jpg
